# Patterns #

While your boss is on holiday, the CTO can hog you all for himself. He
recently got his hands on a book regarding Design Patterns and is now
convinced that every problem in programming there is and ever will be can be
solved by picking the right pattern.

He's also conviced that you, since you are such able programmers, have already
(inadvertently) used patterns in your code. *Describe your Ursuppe implementation using the pattern vocabulary.*

But everything good can always be made better! Your CTO also orders you to *put
at least one more pattern into your ursuppe code*, because patterns are good,
therefore more patterns are more better (or so he says). Note that the *Singleton* should not be used, since you can use Guice for that.

**Note:** You have access to the Gang of Four book
[here](http://scgresources.unibe.ch/~scg/Literature/Books/GOF/contfso.htm),
which defined the pattern vocabulary. However as time moves on, there were
more commonly used pattern discovered. Wikipedia has an extensive list
[here][wiki_design_pattern].

[wiki_design_pattern]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Design_pattern_(computer_science)

## Modular unit tests ##

Note that the CTO's rules for testing still hold:

* All *publicly visible* classes must have at least one unit test, where “unit
	test” refers to an entire class of test methods, but at least one.
* A unit test may only use (and test) the class it is testing, no more. Make
	sure that in the setup of your unit test, 
  *all other dependencies get replaced by mocks*. 
* Tests that test more than one class are called “integration tests”. The CTO
	demands that *all integration tests be separated from the unit tests*, and
  properly marked as integration tests. Create a new annotation to mark them.

**Note**: The CTO is somewhat dimwitted himself. he may overlook a few violations, so long as the principle holds in general
